Add `maxAge` option (#27)
sindresorhus/quick-lru: readme.md

The maximum number of items before evicting the least recently used items.

#### maxAge

> If maxAge milliseconds is specified for the cache, the items will have an expiration time defined by this maxAge. Lazy expiration upon next get, peek call of the item.

Reviewer: I think this could be written more succinctly. You don't have to mention `maxAge` as that's clear from the context. You're also missing a type annotation.

The maximum number of items before evicting the least recently used items.

#### maxAge

> Type: `number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `number`\
Default: `0`
```

The maximum number of milliseconds an item should remain in cache.

> By default maxAge will be 0 which means that items will never expires.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default maxAge will be 0, which means that items will never expire.
```

> Lazy expiration upon the next `write` or `read` call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lazy expiration happens upon the next `write` or `read` call.
```

The maximum number of items before evicting the least recently used items.

#### maxAge

> Type: `number`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type: `number`\
```

Both `key` and `value` can be of any type.

> #### .set(key, value, maxAge)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### .set(key, value, maxAge?)
```

Set an item. Returns the instance.

> Individual expiration of an item can be specified with the `maxAge` parameter. If not specified, the global `maxAge` value will be used in case that is specified on the constructor, else the item will not have expiration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Individual expiration of an item can be specified with the `maxAge` parameter. If not specified, the global `maxAge` value will be used in case it is specified on the constructor, otherwise the item will never expire.
```

Both `key` and `value` can be of any type.

#### .set(key, value, options?)

Set an item. Returns the instance.

> Individual expiration of an item can be specified with the `maxAge` parameter. If not specified, the global `maxAge` value will be used in case it is specified on the constructor, otherwise the item will never expire.

Reviewer: Outdated docs.

Both `key` and `value` can be of any type.

> #### .set(key, value, expiry)

Reviewer: The `expiry` parameter needs to be documented.
